fix(iOS): use prefersPageSizing for modal on iOS 18.0+ (#2797)
software-mansion/react-native-screens: guides/GUIDE_FOR_LIBRARY_AUTHORS.md

For iOS:

> - `modal` will use [`UIModalPresentationAutomatic`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uimodalpresentationstyle/uimodalpresentationautomatic?language=objc) on iOS 13 and later, and will use [`UIModalPresentationFullScreen`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uimodalpresentationstyle/uimodalpresentationfullscreen?language=objc) on iOS 12 and earlier. For iOS 18 and later, additional prop `prefersPageSizing` will be set to `true` to ensure consistent behavior between iOS versions (`UIModalPresentationAutomatic` was mapped to `UIModalPresentationPageSheet` before iOS 18 but now it is mapped to `UIModalPresentationFormSheet`).

Reviewer: Let's rewrite this.

```suggestion
- `modal` will use:
   *  on iOS 18 and later [`UIModalPresentationAutomatic`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uimodalpresentationstyle/uimodalpresentationautomatic?language=objc). However, since the iOS 18 changed the default behaviour from `UIModalPresentationPageSheet` to `UIModalPresentationFormSheet` (it looks vastly different on regular size classes devices, e.g. iPad), for the sake of backward compatibility, we keep the default behaviour from before iOS 18. *This might change in future major release of `react-native-screens`.
   *  on iOS 13 and later [`UIModalPresentationAutomatic`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uimodalpresentationstyle/uimodalpresentationautomatic?language=objc)
   * on iOS 12 and earlier will use [`UIModalPresentationFullScreen`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uimodalpresentationstyle/uimodalpresentationfullscreen?language=objc). 
```

Author: A lot more clear than before, thanks! 5dd11198e9abb7217ca77a3ee8085449e2cd891c
